Out of character.

Question: Player Name?

Answer: Chris Warlock

Question: Campaign Name?

Answer: Magni-Watch

---
Core.

Question: What is your character's name?

Answer: Natalia Ordranti

Question: Does your character have a title? For example, "Arthur, the Dragon knight of Camelot!"

Answer: The Hag Princess

---
Age.

Question: How old is your character?

Answer: 21

Question: At what age did the character become an adventurer?

Answer: 20

---
Class #1.

Question: What is your character's class?

Answer: Thaumaturge

Question: How did your character become their class?

Answer: By studying all manner of lore in order to learn more about her Heritage and avoid becoming a Hag.

Question: Who trained your character in their class?

Answer: The royal Thaumaturge

---
Class #2. 

Question: What is your character's 2nd class?

Answer: Seneschal Witch

Question: How did your character become their class?

Answer: When she was eventually lured to her mother by the Call, her mother 
granted her a Familiar and Witchcraft, but thanks to her Thaumaturge training, 
she managed to break free from the Call, flee and break the connection between 
her Familiar and Patron, thus making her a Seneschal Witch.
---
Race

Question: What is your character's Race?

Answer: Human

Question: What is your character's Sub-Race?

Answer: Veil May Changeling

Question: Has your character met other members of their race?

Answer: Yes

Question: Does your character like your race?

Answer: She feels sympathy for them and wants to help them wherever she can

Question: Does your character like any races in particular? Why?

Answer: No

Question: Does your character hate any races in particular? Why?

Answer: No

---
Parents and Family.

Question: Where was your character born?

Answer: Ustalav

Question: Where were you raised?

Answer: At the royal palace

Question: Who raised your character?

Answer: The royal Thaumaturge

Question: Who are your parents?

Answer: The king of Ustalav and her Blood Hag mother

Question: Are your parents alive?

Answer: Yes

Question: What did your parents do for a living?

Answer: Her father is a king and her mother a vile hag

Question: Do you have any other family or friends?

Answer: Many distant relatives

---
Love.

Question: What is your character's sexuality?

Answer: Bisexual

Question: What is your character's marital status?

Answer: Due to her Changeling Heritage it was impossible to 
find a fiancé for her and as such she could freely flit from 
romance to romance, never really sticking for too long with any.

Question: Does your character have kids?

Answer: No

Question: Does your character want kids?

Answer: Yes

Question: Is your character in love?

Answer: No

Question: Has your character ever been in love?

Answer: Yes, multiple times

---
The Mind | Thoughts and Feelings.

Question: What is your character's alignment?

Answer: Neutral Good

Question: What is your character's moral code?

Answer: Laws are important for society to function, but in the end they are 
simply a tool for bringing order and safety. If ignoring or going against a 
law is more beneficial to the people than following or enforcing it, then that is what should be done.

Question: Does your character have goals?

Answer: Use the gifts, curses and knowledge I wield to help those in need.

Question: What God (if any) does your character follow?

Answer: Neshen (Knight of the Steel Lash)

Question: What are your character's personal beliefs?

Answer: While true evil exists, people make mistakes and are often victims of 
their circumstances and as such deserve to be treated fairly and with an open mind. 
Crimes should be punished but criminals should also be given a chance at and help with redemption.

Question: Does your character have any personality quirks?

Answer: Natalia is very peculiar about her appearance, always maintaining it to the best of her 
abilities with especially her claw-like fingernails earning a lot of her attention as she wants 
to keep them at the same time useful for combat while also preventing them from looking too inhumane.

Question: How does your character get along with others?

Answer: Natalia keeps a very open mind and judges people by both their actions as well as their circumstances, 
not what they are or how they appear. As such, she finds it easy to get along with most people, provided they aren’t truly evil.

Question: Is there anything that your character hates?

Answer: Truly evil creatures, first and foremost hags and especially her mother

Question: Is there anything that your character fears?

Answer: Losing herself to the Call and turning into a vile hag

Question: What sin does your character align with closest? Greed, Pride, Lust, Envy, Gluttony, Wrath or Sloth?

Answer: Pride

Question: What apocalypse would your character most likely cause: War, Famine, Pestilence or Death?

Answer: War

---
The Body | Biological Appearance.

Question: How do they Speak?

Answer: With gentle kindness

Question: What are their Mannerisms?

Answer: Like that of someone born and raised like a royal

Question: Do they have Scars?

Answer: No

Question: Do they have Deformities?

Answer: Claw-like fingernails

Question: Is your character attractive?

Answer: Yes

---
Weapons.

Question: What kind of weapons does your character fight with?

Answer: Hag Claws, Golden Scales (First Implement: Regalia), 
The Esoteric Compendium (Second Implement: Tome), Mirror (Third Implement: Mirror)

Question: Who made your character's weapon?

Answer: Her claws are a product of her Changeling Heritage 
while her Implements were crafted and given to her by her master that taught her the ways of the Thaumaturge.

Question: Who trained your character in using weapons?

Answer: Her master

Question: Does your character like using weapons?

Answer: Neither enjoys nor dislikes them particularly

---
Armour.

Question: What kind of armour does your character wear?

Answer: Heavy Armor

Question: Who trained your character in wearing armour?

Answer: Her master

Question: Does your character like wearing armour?

Answer: Yes

---
Magic
Question: What kind of magic does your character use?

Answer: Arcane

Question: Does your character like magic?

Answer: Yes

Question: How is your character magical?

Answer: By having been given magic by her mother who acts as her Patron.

Question: Do you have any magical items? Staff? Wands?

Answer: No

---
Food and Drink.

Question: What does your character like to eat?

Answer: Bloody meat

Question: What does your character not like to eat?

Answer: Vegetables

Question: What does your character like to drink?

Answer: Blood

Question: What does your character not like to drink?

Answer: Alcohol

Question: Does your character cook?

Answer: Yes

Question: Does your character drink alcohol? If so, how heavily?

Answer: No

Question: Do they partake in Drugs?

Answer: No

---
Plot Hooks.

You do not need to answer any or all of these, but please come up with the plot hooks your character's story revolves around.
Part 1 of 3: What are (at least) 5 accomplishments your character wishes to achieve? Examples include:

Question: What is a personal milestone your character dreams of reaching (for example, mastering a skill, unlocking a power or finding their calling)?

Answer: Permanently silencing her mothers Call, ideally by killing her mother

Question: Does your character have a relationship they want to build or repair (for example, with a family member, a mentor or even an estranged enemy)?

Answer: She wants to find lasting love

Question: Does your character have an ideal legacy they wish to leave behind?

Answer: An organisation that helps those whom society has cast out, particularly those who suffered such a fate through no fault of their own like Changelings or Tieflings.

Question: What is a selfish desire they may not admit to others but secretly want to fulfill?

Answer: Become the queen of Ustalav despite having been disinherited due to her Heritage

Part 2 of 3: What are (at least) 3 secrets your character is hiding from the party? Examples include:

Question: Do they have a past mistake or failure they are ashamed of?

Answer: Having fallen to the Call once, even though it made her able to use witchcraft

Question: Is there a relationship, alliance or obligation they have not told the party about (for example, a debt to a villain or membership in a questionable group)?

Answer: Natalia has connections to criminal individuals that are not bad people but simply victims of their circumstances whom she is trying to help.

---
Backstory.

Question: Finally, what is your character's backstory?

Answer: Natalia was born of the union between the king of Ustalav and his queen. 
Or at least she should have been. When she was born with a crimson eye, 
those present began to question its origin, something that was followed by her mother cackling 
as she burst into flames and revealing her nature as a blood hag. 
She declared that the court was full of fools that were unable to distinguish between the queen 
and the hag that had skinned and impersonated her. She then departed and left behind a horrified court. 
Yet despite the calls of many courtiers to kill Natalia, her father still cradled her and forbade everyone from inflicting violence upon her. 
Due to her nature, Natalia was still disinherited while also being primarily raised by the newly employed royal Thaumaturge. 
He conveyed his vast knowledge to her, instructed her in how to best slay a wide variety of creatures and trained her mental fortitude 
so that she would be able to resist her mother’s Call. Once puberty hit her, her mother’s Call began to resound through her mind 
and though she was able to resist it quite easily at first, over time it became stronger and stronger until she eventually still succumbed at the age of 20. 
The Call led her to her mother’s hut, where her gleeful mother made her a witch. Yet as she was faced with her mother’s awfulness and empowered by her magic, 
she managed to break free from the Call and escape. Together with her master’s help, she then managed to break the connection between her Familiar and her mother, 
thus allowing her to become a Seneschal Witch. Her absence and following newfound magic did not go unnoticed by those at court however and for the sake of her safety 
she left her home behind and travelled to Magnimar to find refuge with a friend of her master. In order to use her powers for good she then applied to join the Magni-Watch.
