Core.

What is your character’s name? Rune
What does your character’s first name mean? Mystery, Secret
What does your character's last name mean?
Does your character have a title? For example, "Arthur, the Dragon knight of Camelot!" 

Age.

For help on days, months and years of the world, click the following link = PW~Golarion-Lore-The-Spoiler-Free-Version.md.
How old is your character? 13
What year was your character born? 296 AG
What day is your character’s birthday? 21 Kuthona
At what age did the character become an adventurer? 10

Class #1.

What is your character’s class? Operative
Does your character enjoy their class? Yes
How did your character become their class? During his defense training he showed exceptional proficiency with long range weaponry and was offered a chance to train further.
Who trained your character in their class? Lt Renik, a retired military officer who ran defense classes for young Vlaka who had just reached adulthood.

Class #2. (If using dual class) Normally dual class is gained during a session via a powerful artefact or a given boon. You should write your character assuming they do not have their 2nd class yet as they will not start playing with it.

What will/is your character’s 2nd class be? Mystic
Does/Will your character enjoy their 2nd class? Yes

Race

What is your character’s Race? Vlaka
What is your character’s Sub-Race? Nomadic Vlaka
Has your character met other members of their race? Yes
Does your character like your race? Yes
Does your character like any races in particular? Why? Yes, he likes any and all races. Every new person and race he encounters is a chance to build new connections and learn new things.
Does your character hate any races in particular? Why? No

Parents and Family.

Where was your character born? Frørborg, Lajok
Where were you raised? Frørborg, Lajok
Who raised your characters? My parents and their circle
Who are your parents? Father is a politician and Mother is a Priestess
What are your parents’ names? Torvir and Parna
Are your parents alive? Yes
What did your parents do for a living? Father is on the council and Mother is a spiritual guide
Do you have any other family or friends? Yes, two brothers and 1 sister as well as the circle he was part of before he left home.

Love.

What is your character’s sexuality? Gay
What is your character’s marital status? Single
Does your character have kids? No
Does your character want kids? Yes
Is your character in love? No
Has your character ever been in love? Yes

The Mind | Thoughts and Feelings.

What is your character’s alignment? Neutral Good
What is your character’s moral code? Do Good, Be Good: Kindness is a virtue, not a weakness: Keep Your Promises
Does your character have goals? Yes
Does your character follow a God? Yes
What God (if any) does your character follow? Weydan
What are your character’s personal beliefs? The universe is meant to be explored, Learning and communicating is the crux of understanding, Good friends, family, and love are the key to happiness, Always be willing to try new things
Does your character have any personality quirks? Always looking for a new adventure, Will do anything for friends and family, Is always dating new people, is always up for a party
Are they anti-social? No
Are they Arrogant? No
Are they Optimistic? Absolutely
Are They Paranoid? No
Why does your character adventure? To explore the universe
How does your character view his/her role as an adventurer? To be prepared and set up, ready to clear the way by picking off enemies at range. To provide support through magic or gunfire.
How does your character get along with others? Extremely well, he is a hard-working and kind person who once you’re in his circle of friends he will do anything within reason to help.
Is there anything that your character hates? People who exploit others generosity, People who look down on others just because they are different
Is there anything that your character fears? Loneliness
What sin does your character align with closest? Greed, Pride, Lust, Envy, Gluttony, Wrath or Sloth? Gluttony
What apocalypse would your character most likely cause: War, Famine, Pestilence or Death? 

The Body | Biological Appearance.

What does your character look like? He’s an exceptionally tall, reasonably athletic Vlaka with white fur with a prominent black patch of fur around his left eye that draws attention to his deep blue eyes. While his fur is thick and long, he keeps the fur on his head especially long and experiments with styling it in braids, spikes, or even a mohawk and dyes it with temporary dyes. When not working he almost always looks like he is coming from a rave, metal concert, or clubs.
Gender Male
Height 6’9” (205.7 cm)
Weight 215 lbs (97.5 kg)
Skin colour 
Eye colour Blue
Hair(Fur) colour White with pale blue and black patches
Hair length Long and thick
Hairstyle. N/A
Physique and body shape. Toned and sleek
What additional attributes would be noticed upon meeting the character? Wears a thick, fur-lined leather collar. Has several stud earrings on his ears, eyebrow, and nose
How do they Speak? They tend to avoid speaking as they are unable to control the volume of their voice because they are deaf.
What are their Mannerisms? Follows conversations with his eyes, his tail is very expressive, fiddles with a drumstick while idly thinking
Does your character have any distinguishing marks? None
Do they have birthmarks? None
Do they have Scars? None
Do they have Deformities? None
Is your character attractive? He believes he is.
Whatever is applicable: Cock Size? Breast Size? Cock Size = 2d6 for inches. 1d10 for decimal place. If you roll 7 and 5, you get a 7.5-inch dick. 11.3 inches
Any aspects of your character that are unusual? He was born deaf.

Weapons.

What kind of weapons does your character fight with? A Shirren-Eye Sniper Rifle or an Arc Pistol when forced to
What does your character’s weapon look like? They are both mostly standard, with the sniper rifle having an engraving of Weydan’s holy symbol on one side of the grip and Lajok and Sota on the other.
Who made your character’s weapon? The Arc Pistol is a basic model he purchased once he started his current job as a courier for use when the Shirren-Eye is impractical. The Shirren-Eye was also a basic model, but the engraving he commissioned before he left Lajok. It was done by a craftsman by the name of Yorin
Who added the runes to your character’s weapons? n/a
Who trained your character in using weapons? Lt. Renik
Does your character like using weapons? Somewhat, he likes the skills and practice. He wishes he didn’t have to use them, but understands the reality of the universe so uses them when he has to to protect innocents and those he cares for.

Armour.

What kind of armour does your character wear? Microcord
What does your character’s armour look like? Standard black with trim that can be adjusted to any color. When he is on duty at work he adjusts it to the company colors.
Who made your character’s armour? He never got the name.
Who added the runes to your character’s armour? N/A
Who trained your character in wearing armour? Lt. Renik
Does your character like wearing armour? Yes

Magic

What kind of magic does your character use? He will be able to use Primal magic. He has access to a few Divine spells.
Does your character like magic? He does, it’s a new connection being made and nurtured through use.
Is your character magical? 
How is your character magical?
Do you have any magical items? Staff? Wands? No
Where did you get your magical items? N/A

Spell Caster.

Can your character cast spells? Some
What tradition is your character’s magic? Arcane? Primal? Divine? Occult? Divine, and Primal soon.
Where does your character’s magic come from? His deity, Weydan. And through the impacts of The Scream.
Who trained your character to use your magic? No one
What does your character like to do with your magic? Help others
What is the highest level spell slot your character has access to? Cantrip currently, Rank 1 soon.

Equipment.

Does your character have a backpack? Yes
What does your character’s backpack look like? A heavy duty messenger bag
Does your character have a bag of holding? No
What does your character’s bag of holding look like? N/A

Food and Drink.

What does your character like to eat? Ethnic foods, the spicier the better
What does your character not like to eat? Mushy vegetables, Oatmeal, Underseasoned foods
What does your character like to drink? Coffee, Tea, Juice, Milk, Alcohol
What does your character not like to drink? Kombucha
Does your character cook? No
Does your character drink alcohol? If so, how heavily? Yes, he doesn’t drink heavily and only at clubs or concerts.
Do they partake in Drugs? Yes

Alignment Scale.
What is your character’s alignment scale?
Go to this page to find out your alignment scale.
PW-Alignment-scale.md.

Plot hooks.
Part 1 of 3: What are (at least) 5 accomplishments your character wishes to achieve? Examples include:
What is a personal milestone your character dreams of reaching (for example, mastering a skill, unlocking a power or finding their calling)? 

	Learn every language in the known universe.

Does your character have a relationship they want to build or repair (for example, with a family member, a mentor or even an estranged enemy)?
Is there a location they have always wanted to visit or conquer? Why?
Does your character have an ideal legacy they wish to leave behind?
What is one immediate, achievable goal they are pursuing right now?

	Making enough money to afford to travel back home to see the rekindled Sota in person and celebrate its rebirth with his family.

Is there a wrong they feel compelled to make right, either for themselves or someone else?
What is a selfish desire they may not admit to others but secretly want to fulfill? 

	He wants his own ship to explore the universe and learn to communicate with as many people as possible, hopefully alongside a mate and adopted children by his side.

Part 2 of 3: What are (at least) 3 secrets your character is hiding from the party? Examples include:
Do they have a past mistake or failure they are ashamed of?
Is there a relationship, alliance or obligation they have not told the party about (for example, a debt to a villain or membership in a questionable group)?
Are they concealing something magical, cursed or otherwise unusual about themselves?
Do they harbour feelings of jealousy, resentment or distrust toward a party member? Why?
Is there an ulterior motive behind their reason for adventuring with the party that they have not shared?
Part 3 of 3: Try to tie in (at least) one thing (it can be anything) with another member of the party. Examples include:
Does your character have an unspoken grudge or tension with another party member?
Are their goals or ideals incompatible with the party’s mission?
Is there anything about their personality that might clash with others?
Are they hiding something that could potentially harm or betray the party?

Backstory.
Finally, what is your character’s backstory?

Backstory by each Year.
Now find out the current campaign's current in-game year. For Doomsday Funtime it is currently 4710 AR. If your character is 25 years old, then your character was born in 4685 AR.
Take each year, put a colon and write what the character did that year, starting with their birth year. In the above example, it would go like this: 4685 AR, age 0: Born to my parents in Deep-Water. 4686 AR, age 1: The dragon attack on Deep-Water, parents are dead. ... (You would fill this in). 4705 AR, age 20: Achieved first level in rogue. 4708 AR, age 23: Joined the party.
If you have any other questions about this, please contact me on my telegram.

296 AG - Was born on Lajok, the second of eventually 4 children to Torvir and Parna
297 AG - Started his schooling. Joined his first circle with his classmates.
298 AG - His sister was born. Father briefly left Lajok as an emissary.
299 AG - Father returned in the middle of the year.
               Upon celebrating his 3rd birthday he began his advanced schooling that would lead to his role in the future.
300 AG - A quiet year, settling in with his new school and new circle within his course and helping at home when needed.
301 AG - A mysterious illness strikes. While his family escaped the worst of it, many others weren’t so lucky as many families lost at least one relative to it before a treatment was discovered.
302 AG - After two years of training his military instructor directed him to a sniper course after showing promising marksmanship.
         Celebrates his older brother’s graduation from courses. They move to the capital of Lajok to start their career.
303 AG - His little brother was born. 
304 AG - Takes his first trip off-world, going with his circle to Absalom Station. Seeing the culture and other species all around ignites a desire to see more and meet new people.
305 AG - Starts planning for life after his graduation. Saving his money to buy things he needs once he leaves home. 
	       Takes part in a sniper competition as part of a larger overall series of competitions. Takes second overall for his age group.
306 AG - Has a brief fling with a guy in his circle at school. Things end easily as they were both mostly just curious and not looking for anything serious.
307 AG, Abadius 16 - Graduated from his courses. (obtains level 1)

Beyond the first level.

Are you higher than level 1? What level? Yes, level 2
What year did your character achieve first level in their class? 307 AG
How long has it been chronological since your character was first level? 6 months
What has your character been doing since they started adventuring (aka first level)? Odd jobs til he arrived at Absalom Station and got a job as a courier for AbadarCorp
How did you achieve each level? Aka what did you kill to level up? A drug dealer that got violent.
How long did each level take to achieve? 2.5 years

Time since level 1.
This is a continuation of the 'Backstory by each year' section for if you are starting after the first level. This section involves writing what your character has been doing since level 1, aka since their backstory.
To do this, you can decide at what age the character became level 1, and what age they are now. Example: Level 1 at age 20, level 10 at age 25. This example would put the character at a progression rate of 6 months to 1 level. For a human this is pretty normal, but for an elf you may space levels out over decades, longer for some other races.
Assuming level 1 at age 20, that means they came level 1 in 4705 AR. Now we expand out your 'backstory by each year' section but including 'level x' after the age of our character before the colon.
Example = 4705 AR, age 20, level 2: Killed my first human and drunk their blood, sanity is starting to leave me…

307 AG, Pharast 1st - After a few weeks of finishing his final preparations he leaves Lajok.
307 AG - For the rest of the year he just travelled, visiting multiple worlds. Like a scouting mission, just seeing what is to be seen and recording it for later. Learned some intricacies of a couple of the languages he studied back home.
308 AG - As his initial funds started to run out he started taking random jobs. As mundane as delivering packages to as extreme as providing recon/sniper support. This is where he first killed another sentient being.
         These odd jobs did sometimes include transport to other worlds. Eventually near the end of the year a job took him to Absalom Station where he ended up taking a courier job for AbadarCorp that kept him on station.
309 AG - Quickly started immersing himself in the culture and people of the Station. Found himself drawn to the energy of the nightlife; clubs, concerts, sex, drugs. Found a club that had an open night for people to just come together on stage and go wild. While still just a beginner he loved the raw, deep thrums of a bass guitar and the heavy beats from the drums that vibrated his body and let him feel the music in a new way than just being in the crowd.
         After one of those performances he met a guy who he hit it off with. A Skittermander by the name of Sparrkz. The very stereotype of his people. It was a whirlwind romance and they quickly did almost everything together when they had free time. Eventually, however, their dreams for their life started to cause problems so they mutually ended things. They did stay friends even with the issues they still enjoyed each other's company and frequently acted as wingmen for the other, to sometimes hilarious results.
310 AG - The first couple of months were fairly quiet and ordinary between work and clubbing. However on Pharast 7th he witnessed a drug deal gone wrong in an alley behind the club he had been at as he was leaving to head home. The dealer had beaten the victim badly and when they saw him they tried to attack him as well. Thanks to his training he was able to react quickly and shot the dealer dead.
         The aftermath resulted in an investigation and temporarily being unable to work for two weeks. During that time he learned that Sota, his home star, had mysteriously reignited. Once his suspension due to the investigation ended he started doing more extra jobs and clubbing less to save for a trip back home.

